Update SD document (#186)
insightmind/MORR: documents/sd/chapter/Classes/Core/UI/UI.tex

\subsection*{Dialogs}

\begin{class}{ConfirmationDialog}
	\clsdiagram[scale = 1]{resources/Classes/Core/UI/ConfirmationDialog.png}

    \clsdcl{public partial class ConfirmationDialog : Window}

>     \clsdsp{A dialog shown when user clicks on discard the recording button.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \clsdsp{A dialog shown when user clicks on the "Discard" button of the SaveDialog.}
```
Without quotation marks the current formulation is difficult to understand.
